Ian Loo (iloo)

Note: didn't use the set_verbosity(int level) function because I tried to use 
it but it didn't do anything differently to my code

DESCRIPTION:
  mytalk is a program that allows a user on one machine to send and recieve
  messages from another user on another machine. To do this, it splits the
  screen into two parts, displaying the remote user's text in the top half
  and the local user's in the lower half. mytalk's connections are managed
  by a talk daemon, a process that exists in the background, waits for
  network connections, then asks the targeted user if they want to talk.

FUNCTIONS NOT DEFINED:
  void start_windowing()
    Turns on the ncurses windows if stdin and stdout are ttys. Does nothing if
    they are not.

  void stop_windowing()
    Turns off the ncurses windows if they are on. Nothing otherwise.

  int read_from_input(char *buf, size_t len)
    If windowing is enabled, read up to len-1 bytes from the input window,
    otherwise read from stdin using fgets(3). The buffer will be null-term-
    inated and will include the final newline if it exists and fits. Returns
    the number of bytes read on success, 0 on EOF, and ERR on error. (ncurses
    doesn't actually define any error conditions. If the internal buffer does
    not include full line, blocks until there is one or EOF

  int write_to_output(const char *buf, size_t len)
    If windowing is enabled, write len bytes to the output, otherwise write
    to stdout (using fputs(3)). Returns OK on success and ERR on failure.

  void update_input_buffer()
    If windowing is enabled, update the library's internal buffer as far as
    the next newline or EOF in a nonblocking fashion. Does nothing if
    windowing is disabled.

  int has_whole_line()
    If windowing is enabled, return TRUE if the library's buffer holds a whole
    line ready to read, FALSE otherwise. Returns TRUE if windowing is disabled.

  int has_hit_eof()
    If windowing is enabled, return TRUE if the library has encountered EOF
    while reading, FALSE otherwise. Calls feof(stdin) if windowing is disabled

